Inclusion Criteria Patients must fulfill the following criteria: - Randomization within 10 weeks of completing therapy for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP). - Ability to tolerate oral and aerosolized therapy at the time of randomization. - Life expectancy > 4 months. Concurrent Medication: Allowed: - Inhaled bronchodilators for cough and bronchospasm related to aerosolized pentamidine treatment. - Aspirin at modest doses. - Ibuprofen at modest doses. - Acetaminophen at modest doses. - Erythropoietin for management of anemia. - Allowed to treat opportunistic infections while on study: - Acyclovir. - Ketoconazole. - Amphotericin B. - Nystatin. - Clotrimazole. - Also allowed: - Ganciclovir (DHPG) for maintenance therapy of life-threatening or sight-threatening cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV retinitis) infection only. - Zidovudine (AZT) must be discontinued during the acute induction phase of treatment and will be restarted when maintenance therapy is introduced. Concurrent Treatment: Allowed: - Local radiation therapy for Kaposi's sarcoma. Prior Medication: Allowed: - Primary prophylactic therapy prior to Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) episode. Risk Behavior: Allowed: - Patients maintained in a methadone maintenance program per local investigator's judgment. Exclusion Criteria - Active drug or alcohol abuse which would impair performance as a study subject. Concurrent Medication: Excluded: - Famotidine. - Any medications suspected of interference with the metabolism of zidovudine. - Flurazepam. - Chronic probenecid. - Phenobarbital. - Phenytoin. - Experimental therapies, except as noted. - Chronic oral bronchodilators should not be started in patients in order to maintain them on aerosolized pentamidine after they have exhibited pulmonary toxicity. Prior Medication: Excluded for the 30 patients who will undergo pharmacokinetic studies: - Zidovudine (AZT) at any time. - Excluded within 7 days of study entry for the 30 patients who will undergo pharmacokinetic studies: - Trimethoprim / sulfamethoxazole. - Pyrimethamine / sulfadoxine. - Aerosolized pentamidine. - Excluded: - Pentamidine by any route for the original infection. - Prophylactic therapy for Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) between the discontinuation of acute treatment and study entry. Prior Treatment: Excluded within 2 weeks of study entry: - Transfusions of blood or red blood cells. Patients may not have any of the following symptoms or diseases: - Known treatment-limiting hypersensitivity to sulfonamides, trimethoprim, pyrimethamine, pentamidine, or zidovudine (AZT), especially but not limited to, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, and Stevens-Johnson syndrome. - Development of severe hypoglycemia (serum glucose < 50 mg/dl with pentamidine therapy). - History of neoplasms other than basal cell carcinoma of the skin or carcinoma in situ of the cervix, or mucocutaneous Kaposi's sarcoma. - Known visceral Kaposi's sarcoma. - Known glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) deficiency.
